bsp: New generic BSP (spiffs, sdcard, i2c, buttons). (#223)
espressif/esp-bsp: bsp/esp_bsp_generic/README.md

# BSP: Generic

[![Component Registry](https://components.espressif.com/components/espressif/esp_bsp_generic/badge.svg)](https://components.espressif.com/components/espressif/esp_bsp_generic)

> This is a generic BSP, which is adjustable from `menuconfig`. The generic BSP is for emulate BSP for Espressif's DevKits. Predefined settings for selected DevKits are in [generic_button_led](examples/generic_button_led).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is a generic BSP, which is configurable from `menuconfig`. The generic BSP can provide consistent API for simple boards, such as Espressif's DevKits. Predefined settings for selected DevKits are in [generic_button_led](examples/generic_button_led).
```

```
    idf.py -p COM4 -D "SDKCONFIG_DEFAULTS=sdkconfig.esp32_s3_devkitc_1" flash monitor
```

# Example usage

## I2C

1. Set GPIOs for I2C in `menuconfig`
    - `BSP_I2C_GPIO_SCL`
    - `BSP_I2C_GPIO_SDA`

2. Set I2C number in `menuconfig`
    - `BSP_I2C_NUM`

Example code:
```
    /* Initialization */
    bsp_i2c_init();

    /* Example I2C write with BSP_I2C_NUM */
    i2c_master_write_to_device(BSP_I2C_NUM, 0x10, value, sizeof(value), 1000 / portTICK_PERIOD_MS);

    ...

    bsp_i2c_deinit();
```
**Note:** The BSP automatically initialize I2C, when need it for some component (LCD touch, audio, etc.)

## SPIFFS

Example code:
```
    /* Mount SPIFFS partition */
    bsp_spiffs_mount();

    /* Use file system read/write with BSP_SPIFFS_MOUNT_POINT */
    FILE *in = fopen(BSP_SD_MOUNT_POINT"/text.txt", "rb");

    ...

    bsp_spiffs_unmount();
```

## SD card

Example code:
```
    /* Mount SD card partition */
    bsp_sdcard_mount();

    /* Use file system read/write with BSP_SD_MOUNT_POINT */
    FILE *in = fopen(BSP_SD_MOUNT_POINT"/text.txt", "rb");

    ...

    bsp_sdcard_unmount();
```

> **Note:** This API is available only in MCUs, which has SD MMC.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note:** This API is available only in MCUs, which have SD MMC peripheral.
```
